Go math functions exp() (#2868)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/exp/exp.md

---
Title: 'Exp()'
Description: 'Returns the value of e raised to the power of the parameter x.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Exp()`** function returns the value of _e^x_ (_e_ to the power of _x_), where _x_ is the parameter.

## Syntax

```pseudo
import "math"

value := math.Exp(number)
```

Where `value` is the value of _e_ raised to the power of `number`, and where `number` is a variable of type float64.

## Special Cases

- `Exp(+Inf)` returns `+Inf`
- `Exp(NaN)` returns `NaN` as well (Not a Number)

## Example

The following code calculates the value of _e_ to the power of 3, and prints the resulting value to the console.

```go
package main

import (
  "fmt"
  "math"
)

func main() {
  result := math.Exp(3)
  fmt.Printf("%.1f\n", result)
}
```

The output will be:

```shell
20.1
```

> ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer: Can we have a codebyte that's significantly different from the prior example? If that isn't doable, maybe we can ditch the example and just leave the codebyte.

---
Title: 'Exp()'

> Description: 'Returns the value of e^x where x is the parameter.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the value of e raised to the power of the parameter x.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **Exp()** function returns the value of e^x (e to the power of x) where x is the parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The **`Exp()`** function returns the value of *e^x* (*e* to the power of *x*), where *x* is the parameter.
```

> ## Syntax

Reviewer 2: leave an empty line after the syntax heading

```pseudo
import "math"

value := math.Exp(number)
```

> Where `value` is the value of e raised to the power of `number` (e^number), and where number is a variable of type float64. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `value` is the value of *e* raised to the power of `number`, and where `number` is a variable of type float64. 
```

- The result of `Exp(5)` is `148.413... or e^5`
- The result of `Exp(1)` is `2.718.. or e`
- The result of `Exp(0)` is `1`

> - The result of `Exp(NaN)` is `NaN`

Reviewer 2: remove these lines and move the special cases section here.

## Example

> The following code calculates the value of e^3 (e to the power of 3) and prints the resulting value to the console. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code calculates the value of *e* to the power of 3, and prints the resulting value to the console. 
```

```go
package main

import (
  "fmt"
  "math"
)

func main() {
  result := math.Exp(3)
  fmt.Printf("%.1f\n", result)
}
```

The output will be:

```shell
20.1
```
## Special cases

> Exp(+Inf) returns +Inf, as e^infinity is an infinite number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Exp(+Inf)` returns `+Inf`
```

> Exp(NaN) returns NaN as well (Not a Number)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Exp(NaN)` returns `NaN` as well (Not a Number)
```

## Codebyte Example 

> You can run the example below - it demonstrates what happens when you run Exp() with a value of 10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code is runnable and demonstrates the use of the `Exp()` function.
```

```codebyte/golang
package main

import (
  "fmt"
  "math"
)

func main() {

>   number := math.Exp(10)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  number := math.Exp(0)
```
